Project K2 release 01 (#2759)
temporalio/documentation: docs/evaluate/index.mdx

---
id: index
title: Evaluate Temporal
sidebar_label: Evaluate
sidebar_position: 2
description: Learn more about how to deploy a Temporal Application to production.
collapsed: false
toc_max_heading_level: 4
keywords:
  - evaluate temporal
  - temporal
  - what is temporal
  - introduction to temporal
tags:
  - evaluate-temporal
---

## Temporal

> Temporal is an open-source platform designed to simplify the development of distributed applications.
> It enables developers to build reliable systems faster, while making your software fault-tolerant by default.
> Thousands of companies of all sizes are leveraging Temporal's capabilities for both mission critical and standard workloads.

Author: ```suggestion
Temporal is designed to make developing distributed applications a delightful experience.
Developers benefit from a clear approach to structure their code and visibility into the state of their application.
Applications benefit from fault-tolerance and execution guarantees.
Thousands of companies of all sizes are leveraging Temporal's capabilities for both mission critical and standard workloads.
```
